Stations of the Cross

Station 1 - Pilate Speaks

I had nothing against Jesus personally. He never did anything to hurt me. Actually he was a very nice person and I liked him. But the mob of people called for his death. I think that if I had freed him, they might have killed me instead. I must admit that I made a very big mistake. He was no criminal. He was a very innocent man.

Station 2 - Jesus Speaks

It is hard to describe just what it is like to pick up a cross. It was heavy and hard to carry, but besides that it was very embarrassing. I also knew I was headed for death. A thousand thoughts went through my mind, but who would understand me? Probably nobody. So I didn't say anything.

Station 3 - Jesus Speaks

I had always been the center of attention, but not this kind of attention. I also had been called all kinds of ugly names and my life had been threatened many times. But right now I was in the midst of the worst experience of my life. As I was wiping the sweat from my eyes, someone tripped me and I fell really hard on the rough, rocky road.

Station 4 - Mary Speaks

I could stand it no longer. I ran to Jesus not only because he was my son, but because everyone had turned against him with such bitter hatred. He had no one to give him any encouragement or support. He smiled at me just before one of the soldiers pushed me off the side of the road.

Station 5 - Simon Speaks

As I was walking from my farm in Jerusalem that morning of the trial, I heard the screaming and shouting of the crowd. Just as I saw Jesus, someone grabbed me and put his cross on my shoulder. The weight of that big cross nearly broke my back. I don't know how he was able to carry it all that distance. When they put the cross back on him again, he laid his hand on my shoulder and gave me a weak smile. He was trying to thank me for carrying the cross.

Station 6 - Veronica Speaks

I lived in Jerusalem and had heard Jesus talk many times. I loved him very much. I wanted to help, but i was scared to death of the soldiers and the angry mob. But when I saw Mary, this gave me courage. I ran straight through the crowd to Jesus and handed him my scarf to wipe the sweat, blood and dirt off his face.He handed it back to me, and I never washed it again.

Station 7 - Jesus Speaks

The cross was very heavy. I had a sharp pain across my forehead. My nose was bleeding. The noise of the mob pained my ears. The dust from the road was choking me and I started to cough. Suddenly everything started to spin and I couldn't keep my balance. I was down for the second time.

Station 8 - The Women Speak

Woman #1: Jesus had always stood by us women. Woman #2: He defended us many times. Woman #3: Even now in the midst of his suffering he stopped to talk to us and give us advice and consolation. All three: He was such a good man. We were all convinced that this would not be the end of him.

Station 9 - Jesus Speaks

THe climb up the hill was too much for me. I was getting weaker and weaker. I had lost a lot of blood. I just took a step and my knees buckled and would not support me. For the third time I was lying in the dust.

Station 10 - The Soldier Speaks

As we tore off the clothes of Jesus, he didn't have strength enough to fight back. We had led a lot of men to execution, but we never saw anyone beat up as badly as he was. I looked at one of the other soldiers with me. We both just shook our heads. It was a miracle that he didn't die on the way.

Station 11 - A Boy Speaks

I was just a small boy on Calvary that day with my father. I asked my father why they were nailing him to a cross. He said he wasn't sure. I never forgot the sound of the hammer pounding the nails through human hands. I didn't know what Jesus had done, but I knew he was a brave man to suffer such pain.

Station 12 - Jesus Speaks

I had carried the cross to Calvary. Now the cross would carry me to death. I knew I was soon going to die, but I didn't panic. I tried to endure the pain by praying to my Father in heaven. I was naked, bloody, and nailed to a cross, but I tried to die with dignity for I was dying for all the people of the world.

Station 13 - Mary Speaks

I think I died right along with Jesus my son. There was nothing I could do to save him. When they took him down from the cross, I held him in my arms for a while. I was confused about all the things that happened that day. I felt very sick to my stomach. Was this the end of my son? WHat does all this mean? "Oh God," I prayed, "Your ways are too hard to understand."

Station 14 - Joseph Speaks

I went to Pilate's house and asked him for permission to take the body of Jesus to give it a fitting burial. Pilate appeared very much afraid and worried. He didn't want to talk to me. H was surprised that Jesus was dead. It seemed like he was blaming himself for his death. He simply motioned with his hand to take the body. So I buried Jesus.